are called are okay workout so here's so
the mobile surface and the basic idea is
the brewing max also served appearances
and mobile seniors and the mowing potty
we would like to enable the 3d
interaction with annual surface okay now
let me show the demos for this time I
saw how we used to sing for the two
times and we assume this jump is that
even the head of the last last gem a
tacit habit and a photo for the rest of
it and tap in the air so also can put a
DVD and put hard so can say that sound
difference okay also in this 3d a
specific a quicker if we can know the
route and it has a 3d objects and so I
thinking you change to another one so i
can use my fingers who each other the
background music that's in the air also
can you just switch is a drum stack
because this way good hampton attitude
of them not hand that's all we can do
the drumsticks to do this
so same setup that was the road and
tactical a bit secondly what you can do
it in that in the air they see the three
captains and out of here three shoulder
the shoulder and we'll get them to the
information of that and then this family
will show which the same chat half
receive the car and the witch and show
the materials information transitions
lower down the Lord and run background
music just use it hard to even hold it
Sensei material information partition so
I think it just shows us a small set
with the mobile service can offer with
the sweet sweet Reda even attempting
with gestures called so talking to you
never mod natural user interface for
mobile computing right and it is bill
was talked about earlier this
presentation this is a an example of you
know obviously this is a in apparatus
for the camera and smart projector in it
but again you can easily imagine you
know phone devices or the device in the
future having those kinds of
capabilities and so what we're
experimenting we're here is the kinds of
applications you would build with those
capabilities all right we can move on to
the so what are the three components
here in there the good of the bicycle
our own that pod access is camera and
the camera sensing that okay thanks very
much